feat: Systems data source template (#3)
ni/systemlink-grafana-plugins: src/datasources/data-frame/README.md

# Systemlink Data Frame data source

> This plugin will have three main workflows:
> 
> - Populating a
>   [query variable](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/dashboards/variables/add-template-variables/#add-a-query-variable)
>   with a list of user-accessible systems
> 
> - Visualizing system connection status counts on a dashboard
> 
> - Visualizing system metadata on a dashboard

Reviewer: This is the wrong plugin's README.

Also, let's use the present tense here. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
This is a plugin for the Systems Management service. It allows you to:

- Populate a
  [query variable](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/dashboards/variables/add-template-variables/#add-a-query-variable)
  with a list of systems connected to the server
- Visualize system connection status counts on a dashboard
- Visualize system metadata on a dashboard
```
